Add blog-post for week 16 (#270)
packit/packit.dev: content/posts/April-2021.md

  ([packit-service#1046](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/1046)).
  This way users will receive a more immediate feedback about the Service
  handling their requests.

## Week 16 (April 19th - April 23th)

- The `current_version_command` and `create_tarball_command` config options are being deprecated
  in favour of [actions](https://packit.dev/docs/actions/).

>   The issue will be created in the affected repositories once we find those options in use.

Reviewer: - `The` suggests some specific issue
- `once` suggests we are actively searching the repositories for such options, which is not the case, is it?

```suggestion
  An issue will be created in the affected repositories if we find those options in use.
```

Author: You are right. We are not actively searching. We create an issue during the processing of some event.

  ([packit-service#1064](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/1064))
- The result pages have been replaced by the views on our dashboard.
  Let us know what do you think about that and what information do you want to see there.
  You can expect more changes on this field.
  - The result views have been implemented by [@IceWreck](https://github.com/IceWreck)
    ([dashboard#73](https://github.com/packit/dashboard/pull/73)).
  - The integration on packit-service side has been done by [Maťo](https://github.com/mfocko)
    ([packit-service#1056](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/1056),

>     ([dashboard#95](https://github.com/packit/dashboard/pull/95)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [dashboard#95](https://github.com/packit/dashboard/pull/95)).
```
